Switch to standalone security group rules, make the SSH ingress rule optional (#21)
FairwindsOps/terraform-bastion: CHANGELOG.md

The format is based on [Keep a Changelog](http://keepachangelog.com/en/1.0.0/)
and this project adheres to [Semantic Versioning](http://semver.org/spec/v2.0.0.html).

> ## [0.4.2]

Reviewer: Is this maybe a minor version change? Seems like re-creating is a pretty big update.

Author: Recreating is a larger update / issue if other things besides the bastion care about the security group. I could see this being a 0.5 update too. 🤔

Author: I did go ahead and bump this version - thanks.

### Changed

> * The bastion security group now manages its rules as standalone Terraform resources, instead of inline rules, to allow non-Terraform things to manage other rules in the bastion security group. This requires the security group (and bastion) to be recreated, as Terraform does not support a strait forward transition from inline to standalone rules.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* The bastion security group now manages its rules as standalone Terraform resources, instead of inline rules, to allow non-Terraform things to manage other rules in the bastion security group. This requires the security group (and bastion) to be recreated, as Terraform does not support a straightforward transition from inline to standalone rules.
```
